test.md, before:

---
static: true
template: post
type: post
author: Paillat
image: https://source.unsplash.com/random/?sample
title: Sample Article in Markdown
---
# Sample Article in Markdown
<img src="<!-- image -->" alt="post main image" class="post-main-image">
This is a sample article in Markdown that showcases various Markdown syntax.

## Headers

Headers are created using one or more # symbols. The number of # symbols indicates the level of the header.

# H1 Header
## H2 Header
### H3 Header
#### H4 Header
##### H5 Header
###### H6 Header

## Emphasis

Emphasis can be added using *asterisks* or _underscores_.

This is *italic* and this is **bold**.

## Links

Links are created using square brackets and parentheses.

[Visit GitHub!](https://github.com)

## Images

Images can be included using the syntax `![Alt text](image URL "caption")`.

![Sample image from Unsplash](https://source.unsplash.com/random/?nature "Sample image from Unsplash")

## Code Blocks

Code blocks can be included using triple backticks.

```python
def hello_world():
    print("Hello, world!")
    
hello_world()
```

```javascript
function helloWorld() {
  console.log("Hello, world!");
}

helloWorld();
```


Inline code blocks can be included using single backticks, like `this`.

To escape code blocks within code blocks, use a backslash before the backticks, like this: \`\`\`.

## Lists

Lists can be ordered or unordered.

### Unordered

- Item 1
- Item 2
- Item 3

### Ordered

1. Item 1
2. Item 2
3. Item 3

## Tables

Tables can be created using pipes and dashes.

| Name  | Age | Gender |
|-------|-----|--------|
| John  | 25  | Male   |
| Sarah | 31  | Female |

## Blockquotes

Blockquotes are created using the `>` symbol.

> This is a blockquote.

That's all for this sample article in Markdown!

To include images from Unsplash's API, replace `QUERY_HERE` in the image URL with a search query. For example, to include a random image of nature, use `https://source.unsplash.com/random/?nature`.

Commit message:

chore(test.md): add description to the article for SEO purposes

test.md, after:

---
static: true
template: post
type: post
author: Paillat
image: https://source.unsplash.com/random/?sample
title: Sample Article in Markdown
description: This is a sample article in Markdown that showcases various Markdown syntax. The purpose of this article is to test the Static Site Generator and the article hasn't any other purpose aside learning how to use the Static Site Generator.
---
# Sample Article in Markdown
<img src="<!-- image -->" alt="post main image" class="post-main-image">
This is a sample article in Markdown that showcases various Markdown syntax.

## Headers

Headers are created using one or more # symbols. The number of # symbols indicates the level of the header.

# H1 Header
## H2 Header
### H3 Header
#### H4 Header
##### H5 Header
###### H6 Header

## Emphasis

Emphasis can be added using *asterisks* or _underscores_.

This is *italic* and this is **bold**.

## Links

Links are created using square brackets and parentheses.

[Visit GitHub!](https://github.com)

## Images

Images can be included using the syntax `![Alt text](image URL "caption")`.

![Sample image from Unsplash](https://source.unsplash.com/random/?nature "Sample image from Unsplash")

## Code Blocks

Code blocks can be included using triple backticks.

```python
def hello_world():
    print("Hello, world!")
    
hello_world()
```

```javascript
function helloWorld() {
  console.log("Hello, world!");
}

helloWorld();
```


Inline code blocks can be included using single backticks, like `this`.

To escape code blocks within code blocks, use a backslash before the backticks, like this: \`\`\`.

## Lists

Lists can be ordered or unordered.

### Unordered

- Item 1
- Item 2
- Item 3

### Ordered

1. Item 1
2. Item 2
3. Item 3

## Tables

Tables can be created using pipes and dashes.

| Name  | Age | Gender |
|-------|-----|--------|
| John  | 25  | Male   |
| Sarah | 31  | Female |

## Blockquotes

Blockquotes are created using the `>` symbol.

> This is a blockquote.

That's all for this sample article in Markdown!

To include images from Unsplash's API, replace `QUERY_HERE` in the image URL with a search query. For example, to include a random image of nature, use `https://source.unsplash.com/random/?nature`.
